Improvement/api variables (#762)
codemagic-ci-cd/codemagic-docs: content/rest-api/builds.md

| `workflowId`  | `string` | **Required.** The workflow identifier as specified in YAML file. |
| `branch`      | `string` | Optional. The branch name. Either `branch` or `tag` is **required**. |
| `tag`         | `string` | Optional. The tag name. Either `branch` or `tag` is **required**. |

> | `environment` | `object` | Optional. Specify environment variables, variable groups, and software versions to override or expand values defined in workflow settings. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `environment` | `object` | Optional. Specify environment variables, variable groups, and software versions to override or define in workflow settings. | 
```
